---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "dx_scorecard Resource - dx"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Manages a DX Scorecard.
---

# dx_scorecard (Resource)

Manages a DX Scorecard.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `entity_filter_type` (String) The filtering strategy when deciding what entities this scorecard should assess. Options: 'entity_types', 'sql'
- `evaluation_frequency_hours` (Number) How often the scorecard is evaluated (in hours). [2|4|8|24]
- `name` (String) The name of the scorecard.
- `type` (String) The type of scorecard. Options: 'LEVEL', 'POINTS'.

### Optional

- `check_groups` (Attributes List) Groups of checks, to help organize the scorecard for entity owners (points scorecards only). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--check_groups))
- `checks` (Attributes List) List of checks that are applied to entities in the scorecard. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--checks))
- `description` (String) Description of the scorecard.
- `empty_level_color` (String) The color hex code to display when an entity has not achieved any levels in the scorecard (levels scorecards only).
- `empty_level_label` (String) The label to display when an entity has not achieved any levels in the scorecard (levels scorecards only).
- `entity_filter_sql` (String) Custom SQL used to filter entities that the scorecard should run against.
- `entity_filter_type_identifiers` (List of String) List of entity type identifiers that the scorecard should run against.
- `levels` (Attributes List) The levels that can be achieved in this scorecard (levels scorecards only). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--levels))
- `published` (Boolean) Whether the scorecard is published.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The unique ID of the scorecard.

<a id="nestedatt--check_groups"></a>
### Nested Schema for `check_groups`

Required:

- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `ordering` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--checks"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checks`

Required:

- `description` (String)
- `external_url` (String)
- `filter_message` (String)
- `filter_sql` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `ordering` (Number)
- `output_aggregation` (String)
- `output_enabled` (Boolean)
- `output_type` (String)
- `published` (Boolean)
- `sql` (String)

Optional:

- `estimated_dev_days` (Number)
- `output_custom_options` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--checks--output_custom_options))
- `points` (Number)
- `scorecard_check_group_key` (String)
- `scorecard_level_key` (String)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--checks--output_custom_options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `checks.output_custom_options`

Required:

- `decimals` (Number) The number of decimals to display, or `auto` for default behavior.
- `unit` (String) The unit of the output, e.g. `widget`



<a id="nestedatt--levels"></a>
### Nested Schema for `levels`

Required:

- `color` (String)
- `key` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `rank` (Number)

Read-Only:

- `id` (String)
